The game completely changed for
wholesaling real estate with this new AI
technology. Now, I'm sure you've been
hearing about AI and its use in
wholesaling real estate for a minute
now, but you're like, none of this is
really a gamecher. Well, with the
Cloudbot, with the Mac Mini, it is a
game changer. What this can do for your
wholesaling business is revolutionary
and for any business, quite frankly.
This thing and the future of AI is
crazy. I know everybody's like, "AI is
not there yet. We're waiting for it to
get good enough to really have a good
use case. Well, the Clawbot Open Claw
has just unlocked that. It's harnessed
the power of AI with the ability to
control your computer and now it can do
pretty much anything you can do. So, I
know a lot of wholesalers out there use
VAS to help them with their business.
Whether it's text messaging sellers with
text blast marketing, whether it's
pulling data, whether it's um looking up
properties, right? We have VAS doing a
lot of tedious tasks for our wholesaling
real estate business. What if we were
able to use an AI robot to do all that
and now we could have our VAS doing
better tasks. This Cloudbot can pull
data. It can scrape lists. It can pull
county records. It can go ahead and
reach out to cash buyers. It can text
buyers. It can email buyers. It can even
call people. Guys, Open Claw and Clawbot
is a complete gamecher. And I've been
implementing it in my wholesaling real
estate business. Every single task that
any of my sales guys, my acquisition
managers, my disposition managers, my
virtual assistants are doing, that is a
tedious task. I'm now giving it to my
robot friend, Claudebot, OpenClaw, and
it is going ahead and doing all of that
for me. So that way my real people right
can be focused on the highest money
generating activities possible. The best
thing to do is get a separate computer
and Mac um is the best to go with
because it runs smoother without
crashing, without updating. So that way
it can run 24/7. Guys, this this
Cloudbot, it's working on my business
while I'm sleeping. So what you're going
to do is you can get a Mac Mini. that's
the best to run with. Or you can use a
MacBook, but ideally you want it to be a
separate computer because you don't want
it to have access to all your stuff. It
can control the whole computer. So if
your credit cards are on your computer,
it could go spend money, right? It's
crazy. If all your contact list is on
there, it could go call up and prank
call everybody in your phone book. And
that people have had that happen. So you
want to be careful on what you're giving
it access to. That's why you want it
running on its own machine. not only so
it can run 247 and always be working,
but so that way you know you're doing it
safely, right? There is some risks. So
keep that in mind. But as long as you
only give it what you want it to have
access to, everything's cool. So once
you get that, you'll then go to
OpenClaw. There's some pretty simple
stuff on here on how to install it.
Essentially, you got to copy this code,
paste it into terminal,
and when you paste it into terminal,
then it'll run you through prompts. Now,
I had a little bit of trouble because
when I was pasting the code into
terminal, it wasn't auto setting itself
up. So, all I did was go to chat GBT and
ask what to do and it told me exactly
what to do and I worked through the
process of getting it set up. Now,
essentially how it works is it does an
API connection to your chat GBT account
or you can use Gemini or any of these
other AI out there, the chats, right?
And what it does is it uses that in
integration with the computer to now be
able to instead of you just chat with it
and get answers, it now can be told to
do anything on your computer and it'll
work like that. Um, so that's how you
harness the power of it. Now,
essentially mine's all set up here and
I'm going to give you an example of what
it can do. So you can talk to it in a
few different ways. Way number one is I
can just go directly on terminal and
tell it what to do. So, I'm going to say
pull up my YouTube channel on YouTube on
Google. Jacob blank. And watch this.
Come a little bit closer. Watch this.
It's going to go ahead and control my
computer now.
So, it's running. You see it's running
right there. Boom. There we go. Just
pulled up my YouTube channel on Google.
It's exactly what I told it to do. Now,
the other way you can control it is you
can connect it to WhatsApp or Telegram.
So, all my virtual assistants are on
WhatsApp, right? So, I'm normally
texting my assistant, hey, do this, do
that, or I'm calling them or I'm sending
them a voice note. Well, I can just go
in here and say, click on the YouTube
channel
in WhatsApp just like I'm messaging a
team member of mine. And it's going to
go ahead and do that.
Boom. Just clicked on the YouTube
channel. All right. Now, another way
is I can go ahead and text it from my
phone.
Go ahead and click play on my most
recent video. I want you to watch
through it and then I want you to give
me a summary of everything you learned
about wholesaling real estate from my
most recent video.
So, I just sent it a voice note. It's
going to listen to that. It's going to
go watch my most recent video, give me a
summary, and learn everything about
wholesaling. So right now it's been
doing tasks for my business, but also
I'm in the process of training it up.
The more information you give it, the
better it's going to get at helping you
run your business. So I've been giving
it all my past chat GBT export of all
the things I've asked about my business
before so it knows about that. I've been
having it watch through my inner circle
mentorship training videos so it can
learn everything about my mentorship.
And there you go, guys. While I'm
talking, it's playing the video. The
computer's running.
Boom.
>> It's controlling the computer.
>> So that's to give you an idea.
>> Watch. Um
>> telling it to skip the ads.
>> So that you can understand.
>> I know this is a simple example,
>> but if you see its ability to just do
this,
>> imagine what else it could do. I'm using
it to pull data. I'm using it to skip
trace LLC's to find cash buyers. I'm
using it to text buyers, right? I'm
using it to go ahead and tweak all of
our marketing campaigns to analyze them,
tell us what's working, where where
we're getting the most deals, right?
It's analyzing my business every day.
>> And there we go. It's watching my most
recent video. And this video is about
dos and don'ts for beginners in
wholesaling. So, if you haven't seen
that video, go check it out. I have a
ton of other videos on my channel that
are helpful. So, make sure to hit the
red button and subscribe. So guys, I'm
using it to to help me with my whole
business. Also, what it does is it
analyzes our marketing campaigns and it
analyzes the performance of my sales
guys every day and it texts me a summary
report of how our marketing channels are
performing, how my sales guys are
performing. Normally, I had a VA, a
human in Mexico, one of my virtual
assistants, send me this end of day
report every day. No longer does he need
to do that tedious task. The Claudebot
can do it. So, guys, this is
revolutionary. I'm going to have many
more videos coming out about how OpenCL
claw Claudebot can be used for
wholesaling real estate. Guys, if you're
a oneman show, all you got to do is
invest 600 bucks, get a Mac Mini.
Claudebot is free. You need a ChatGpt
Plus subscription. It's like 15 bucks a
month. And now you can have another team
member. I'm probably going to end up
buying like five of these. And I'm going
to try to run my whole business with
with AI. I know I made a video a few
months back where I was like, look, the
AI isn't really there yet to help you
out in wholesaling, but guys, this this
OpenClaw, its ability to access the
computer, harness the power of Chat GBT,
combine that, it's game changer. Like,
I'm shocked when I first turned this on,
got it all set up, and it started
running my computer, I got goosebumps.
Life's about to change forever. Now,
that being said, it's more important
than ever that you get rich and you
become financially stable yourself. So
many regular jobs are going to be wiped
out. If you're in college right now,
whatever you're studying, 90% of it's
going to be useless because AI is taking
over. So, with that being said, if
you're just starting in wholesaling real
estate, I hold a free 1-hour live
training every single week where I will
show you how to get your first deal in
the next 30 days and make $20,000 or
more. And if you're already doing deals,
I'll show you how to scale up to make
over a h 100,000 a month. So if you want
to get on a free 1-hour mentorship call
with me, click the link down below and
sign up. I hold one of these trainings
every week, but there's limited spots. I
want to see you on the call with me. So
if you're ready to learn, now's the
time. Click the link down below. And I
want to let you know there is so much
opportunity out there in wholesaling
real estate right now. There is hundreds
of thousands of distressed properties
and properties sitting vacant across the
country in every market. There's no
shortage of deals, no shortage of
opportunity. It's time to capitalize on
that. Let me show you how to go out
there and find these deals using my
proven sevenstep process. Also, if you
guys want to download my free contracts
and scripts that I give you for free, go
to jacoblank.com/free.
You'll be able to download my resources.
And also, I have a free 20 video course
showing you wholesaling uh for free.
It's called my wholesaling university.
There's a link down below in the
description for that. I want to see you
inside my course. Uh it's on school. Um,
and I'll see you in there. But guys, I'm
going to be making more videos every
single week about how I'm using this for
my business and the levels that it takes
me to in wholesaling. So, all you got to
do, get a Mac Mini and rock and roll
with me. So, get your Mac Mini, sign up,
set it up, watch my videos every week.
I'm going to show you how to get this
rocking and rolling for your wholesale
business to take it to the next level.
This is gamechanging stuff. Hope you
found this video valuable because this
is this is big news. Um, but other than
that guys, if you're not already
subscribed to the channel, hit the red
button and subscribe. If you like the
video, hit the like button. And if you
have any questions down below about AI
use in wholesaling, comment down below.
I'll be sure to answer. Other than that,
I'll see you guys next time. Peace.